Last Life
White clouds show
conquer stiffness with softness
Shinzhuo with grass
It is the foundation of women's swordsmanship
Thank you for your advice
This original Zixiao Sword Sense
I always feel like something is missing
After your guidance
And it dawned on me.
Impossible how could this be
My orthodox son Xiao Jianjue can't match him
He's an outsider who knows shit
He also said that Zi Xiaojian is definitely a woman's swordsmanship
Zi Xiaojian is definitely our Holy Master
The peerless swordsmanship created by Gu Zixiao
Could it be that our Holy Master is a woman?
Wait until he sees me
True or False
Just ask
Who is presumptuous
Who is being presumptuous here?
That he not only trespassed in the Holy Land
He also stole from our son filial piety
Datang Emperor
Zixiao is forbidden and never spread
Leave your life here today
Yes
benefactor